Based on the planning, here's my paragraph:

The goal of any business is to make money. In the case of "hollywoodfitness.net", some secondary and tertiary goals would be to help prospective members and current members have access to the information they want on the website. For prospective members, that means information about the gym:  pricing, services offered, location, hours, testimonials (prospective members want to know what members are saying about the gym), and information about the "7-days free" pass. For members, they want access to their accounts both their profile on their account with the gym, accesss to paying online, and access to the fitness tracking programs. All types of users want to see a Class Schedule, find information on Trainers, be able to sign up (and read) the newsletter, and view the forums and the blog, Based on this, and a bit more clarification on a few things, we've come up with the following plan to revamp the website. 

The website needs "coherence and excitement" (per George on the question list). We will rework the content (links, navigation, categories) to make sense to users of the website (i.e. prospective, and current members). There will be a home page, a services page, a class schedule page, a link to the blog, and the forums, links to the login for members (in that area links to their account, and their fitness tracking area), a testimonials page, and contact information page. All pages should have location, small visible contact information (no clicking to view it elsewhere), and hours listed. Home page should additionally have an interesting slider of gym photos and classes and trainers working with happy, active members. We will reorganize the Search Engine Optimization (SEO) on all pages to help move Hollywood Fitness up in the search engine rankings (no more "closed" due to linking still being partly to the old giant's gym site). All links in the content will be fixed.

(note this is 315 words, we need 500 - will merge/consolidate with everyone elses when they post it...)